docs/planning-artifacts/epics.md, before:

---
stepsCompleted:
  - step-01-validate-prerequisites
  - step-02-design-epics
  - step-03-create-stories
  - step-04-final-validation
inputDocuments:
  - docs/prd.md
  - docs/architecture.md
---

# Parcel-Flow - Epic Breakdown

## Overview

This document provides the complete epic and story breakdown for Parcel-Flow, decomposing the requirements from the PRD, UX Design if it exists, and Architecture requirements into implementable stories.

## Requirements Inventory

### Functional Requirements

FR1: Ingestion Intelligente (The "Pull" Strategy)
- FR1.1: Le système doit se connecter à l'API Gmail via OAuth2 (Scope Readonly restreint).
- FR1.2: Le système doit interroger périodiquement (Job planifié) Gmail avec des requêtes ciblées par provider (ex: `from:chronopost subject:disponible`).
- FR1.3: Le système doit marquer les emails comme "traités" (ou lus) pour éviter les doublons.

FR2: Extraction Déterministe (Le Cœur du Système)
- FR2.2 - Stratégie Multi-Provider: Le système utilise des expressions régulières (Regex) spécifiques à chaque transporteur (Chronopost, Mondial Relay, Vinted) pour extraire les données.
- FR2.3 - Gestion d'Erreur: Si le format de l'email ne correspond pas à la Regex attendue, le colis est marqué "A vérifier".

FR3: Consultation Mobile "Zéro Stress"
- FR3.1: Liste triée par Urgence (Date limite la plus proche en premier).
- FR3.2 - Mode Guichet: Au clic, afficher le Code de Retrait en très gros caractères (50% écran) et forcer la luminosité au maximum (via API Native).
- FR3.3 - Deep Link de Secours (Fallback): Bouton "Ouvrir l'email original" qui lance l'application Gmail native sur le message exact.

FR4: Cycle de Vie & Archives
- FR4.1: L'utilisateur peut archiver un colis manuellement ("Swipe-to-archive").
- FR4.2: Une action d'archivage déclenche un Toast "Annuler" (Undo) pendant 3 à 5 secondes.
- FR4.3: Accès à l'historique des colis archivés.

### NonFunctional Requirements

NFR1: Privacy & Sécurité
- NFR1.1 - Éphémérité: Le corps brut de l'email ne doit jamais être persisté en base de données.
- NFR1.2 - Politique de Rétention: Les colis archivés sont supprimés définitivement de la base de données après 30 jours (Job Automatique).
- NFR1.3 - Isolation: Le token d'accès Gmail est stocké de manière sécurisée (Vault ou Env Var chiffrée).

NFR2: Robustesse Technique (Clean Arch)
- NFR2.1: Le Domaine métier doit être pur (aucune dépendance Spring, Gmail ou SQL).
- NFR2.2: Les interactions externes sont isolées dans des "Adapters".

NFR3: Expérience Mobile
- NFR3.1 - Offline Read: L'application doit mettre en cache la dernière liste connue pour consultation sans réseau.
- NFR3.2 - Performance: Lancement de l'application en < 2 secondes (optimisation JS bundle).

### Additional Requirements

From Architecture:
- **Monorepo Structure**: Implement strict folder structure (backend, frontend, infra).
- **Backend Architecture**: Hexagonal Architecture (Ports & Adapters). Domain must be pure Java.
- **Backend Tech**: Java 21, Spring Boot 3.3+, Spring AI.
- **Frontend Tech**: React Native (Expo), React Native Paper, Zustand.
- **Testing**: ATDD with Cucumber (Gherkin), Testcontainers, ArchUnit.
- **Infrastructure**: PostgreSQL, Docker, GitHub Actions (CI/CD).
- **API**: REST Controllers.

From UX (Inferred):
- **UI Framework**: React Native Paper (Material Design 3).
- **Theme**: Strict use of Design Tokens (Colors, Typography) in `theme.ts`.
- **Dark Mode**: Native support.
- **Dashboard**: FlashList for performance, Traffic light color coding for urgency.
- **Guichet Mode**: Max brightness control, large text.

### FR Coverage Map

FR1.1: Epic 1 - Connexion API Gmail OAuth2
FR1.2: Epic 1 - Polling périodique des emails
FR1.3: Epic 1 - Marquage des emails traités
FR2.2: Epic 2 - Extraction par Gemini
FR2.3: Epic 2 - Gestion d'erreur et fallback
FR3.1: Epic 3 - Liste triée par urgence
FR3.2: Epic 4 - Mode Guichet (Luminosité, Gros caractères)
FR3.3: Epic 4 - Deep Link vers Gmail
FR4.1: Epic 4 - Archivage manuel
FR4.2: Epic 4 - Toast "Undo"
FR4.3: Epic 4 - Historique des archives
NFR1.1: Epic 2 - Non-persistance du corps d'email
NFR1.2: Epic 4 - Suppression automatique après 30 jours
NFR1.3: Epic 1 - Sécurité du Token
NFR2.1: Epic 1 - Architecture Hexagonale pure
NFR2.2: Epic 1 - Isolation des Adapters
NFR3.1: Epic 3 - Mode Offline
NFR3.2: Epic 3 - Performance lancement

## Epic List

### Epic 1: La Fondation "Clean Arch" & Connexion Gmail
Mettre en place l'infrastructure technique (Monorepo, CI/CD, Architecture Hexagonale) et permettre au système de se connecter à Gmail de manière sécurisée pour identifier les emails de colis.
**FRs covered:** FR1.1, FR1.2, FR1.3, NFR1.3, NFR2.1, NFR2.2

### Epic 2: Le Cœur d'Extraction (Regex) & Protection de la Vie Privée
Implémenter la logique d'extraction des données par Regex (Stratégie par Provider) en garantissant l'anonymisation stricte des données sensibles avant traitement.
**FRs covered:** FR2.2, FR2.3, NFR1.1

### Epic 3: Le Dashboard Mobile & Consultation "Zéro Stress"
Créer l'interface mobile pour afficher la liste des colis triée par urgence, avec une gestion performante et un accès hors ligne.
**FRs covered:** FR3.1, NFR3.1, NFR3.2

### Epic 4: L'Expérience "Guichet" & Cycle de Vie
Peaufiner l'expérience utilisateur au point de retrait (luminosité max, deep link) et gérer le cycle de vie complet des données (archivage, suppression automatique).
**FRs covered:** FR3.2, FR3.3, FR4.1, FR4.2, FR4.3, NFR1.2

## Epic 1: La Fondation "Clean Arch" & Connexion Gmail

Mettre en place l'infrastructure technique (Monorepo, CI/CD, Architecture Hexagonale) et permettre au système de se connecter à Gmail de manière sécurisée pour identifier les emails de colis.

### Story 1.1: Initialisation Monorepo & Scaffolding Walking Skeleton

As a Lead Developer,
I want to initialize the Monorepo with the strict folder structure and a "Walking Skeleton" of the Backend and Frontend,
So that the team can start working on a solid technical foundation that respects the defined architecture.

**Acceptance Criteria:**

**Given** an empty git repository
**When** I run the setup scripts
**Then** I should see the folders `backend`, `frontend`, and `infra` created.
**And** the backend project uses Spring Boot 3.3+ and Java 21.
**And** the frontend project uses Expo and React Native Paper.
**And** the CI pipeline workflow runs and passes for both.

### Story 1.2.1: Visualisation Liste Simple (MVP)

As a User,
I want to see a list of my active parcels on my phone,
so that I can track what I need to pick up.

**Acceptance Criteria:**

- Backend: GET /api/parcels returns a flat list of parcels.
- Frontend: ParcelListScreen displays parcels in a flat list.
- ATDD: DashboardList.feature passes.

### Story 1.2.2: Regroupement par Point de Retrait

As a User,
I want my parcels grouped by pickup location on my dashboard,
so that I can see where I need to go.

**Acceptance Criteria:**

- Backend: RetrieveDashboardUseCase aggregates parcels by PickupPoint.
- Frontend: LocationGroupCard displays grouped parcels.
- ATDD: DashboardAggregation.feature passes.

### Story 1.2.3: Indicateurs d'Urgence

As a User,
I want to see urgency indicators on my pickup locations,
so that I don't miss a deadline.

**Acceptance Criteria:**

- Backend: Groups are sorted by Urgency (HIGH first).
- Frontend: LocationGroupCard displays colored urgency indicators.
- ATDD: DashboardUrgency.feature passes.

### Story 1.3: Adapter Gmail (Client d'Infrastructure)

As a Developer,
I want a Gmail client that can list and read unread delivery emails,
so that the system can fetch data from the outside world using a standardized Port.

**Acceptance Criteria:**

- MailSourcePort interface exists.
- GmailInboundAdapter implements MailSourcePort.
- Successfully connects to Gmail API via OAuth2.

### Story 1.4: Polling Job & Orchestration

As a System,
I want to periodically trigger the mail checking process,
so that new delivery emails are automatically processed without manual intervention.

**Acceptance Criteria:**

- Spring @Scheduled task runs at configurable interval.
- Job calls MailSourcePort and markAsRead after processing.

## Epic 2: Le Cœur d'Extraction (Regex) & Protection de la Vie Privée

Implémenter la logique d'extraction des données par Regex (Stratégie par Provider) en garantissant l'anonymisation stricte des données sensibles avant traitement.

### Story 2.2: Extraction de Métadonnées (Regex Strategies)

As a User,
I want the system to extract tracking details using specific rules for Chronopost, Mondial Relay, and Vinted,
So that I get reliable data without AI hallucinations.

**Acceptance Criteria:**

**Given** a raw email from a known provider (e.g., Chronopost)
**When** passed to the `RegexParserAdapter`
**Then** the specific strategy for that provider is selected.
**And** the Regex extracts: Pickup Code, Deadline, and Location.
**And** a new Parcel is created with these details.

### Story 2.3: Gestion d'Echec de Parsing (Fallback)

As a User,
I want the system to flag parcels where the email format has changed,
So that I can manually check them instead of having missing info.

**Acceptance Criteria:**

**Given** an email where the Regex does not match (format change)
**When** the parcel is created
**Then** its status is set to "TO_VERIFY".
**And** the parcel record includes a reference/link to the original email.

### Story 2.2.4: Orchestration par Requêtes Ciblées (Targeted Polling)

As a Developer,
I want to configure specific Gmail queries for each provider and map them to their dedicated extractors,
So that the system only fetches relevant emails and applies the strictly correct parsing logic without ambiguity.

**Acceptance Criteria:**

- **Provider Configuration:** Define a structure (Enum or Bean Registry) linking a `Gmail Query` (e.g., `from:vinted...`) to a specific `ParcelExtractionPort` bean.
- **MailSourcePort Update:** The interface must accept a `query` parameter (e.g., `fetchEmails(String query)`).
- **Polling Logic:** The scheduled job iterates through all configured providers, executes their specific query, and passes the results ONLY to the mapped extractor.
- **Efficiency:** Generic/broad email fetching is removed to optimize quotas and relevance.

## Epic 3: Le Dashboard Mobile & Consultation "Zéro Stress"

Créer l'interface mobile pour afficher la liste des colis triée par urgence, avec une gestion performante et un accès hors ligne.

### Story 3.1: Dashboard Mobile avec Liste Triée

As a User,
I want to see my active parcels in a list sorted by urgency (soonest expiration date first),
So that I know exactly which parcel to pick up first.

**Acceptance Criteria:**

**Given** a list of active parcels
**When** viewing the Dashboard
**Then** parcels are sorted by expiration date (descending).
**And** visual indicators (Traffic light colors) show the level of urgency.
**And** the list scrolling is performant (using FlashList).

### Story 3.2: Cache Local & Mode Offline

As a User,
I want to access my parcel list even when I have no internet connection,
So that I am never blocked at the counter.

**Acceptance Criteria:**

**Given** a previously loaded parcel list
**When** the device is offline
**Then** the application displays the cached list.
**And** an "Offline Mode" indicator is visible to the user.

## Epic 4: L'Expérience "Guichet" & Cycle de Vie

Peaufiner l'expérience utilisateur au point de retrait (luminosité max, deep link) et gérer le cycle de vie complet des données (archivage, suppression automatique).

### Story 4.1: Mode Guichet (Luminosité & Zoom Code)

As a User,
I want to tap a parcel and see its tracking code in giant characters with maximum screen brightness,
So that the shopkeeper can easily scan or read it.

**Acceptance Criteria:**

**Given** a selected parcel
**When** entering "Counter Mode"
**Then** the tracking code is displayed in large font (approx 50% screen).
**And** the device screen brightness is set to 100%.
**And** brightness returns to previous level when closing the mode.

### Story 4.2: Archivage avec Option Annuler (Undo)

As a User,
I want to swipe a parcel to archive it and have a few seconds to undo my action,
So that I don't lose data by mistake.

**Acceptance Criteria:**

**Given** an active parcel
**When** I perform a "Swipe-to-archive" gesture
**Then** the parcel is removed from the active list.
**And** a Toast appears for 5 seconds with an "Undo" button.
**And** clicking "Undo" restores the parcel to the active list.
**And** I can navigate to a separate view to see the list of archived parcels.

### Story 4.3: Deep Link vers Gmail Original

As a User,
I want a button to open the original email in my Gmail app,
So that I can check details that were not extracted.

**Acceptance Criteria:**

**Given** a parcel detail view
**When** I click "Open original email"
**Then** the native Gmail application opens directly to the specific email thread.

### Story 4.4: Suppression Automatique & Purge des Données

As a System,
I want to permanently delete archived parcels after 30 days,
So that I respect data retention policies.

**Acceptance Criteria:**

**Given** parcels archived for more than 30 days
**When** the daily purge job runs
**Then** these parcels are permanently deleted from the database.

Commit message:

feat(guichet): implement Counter Mode with PIN extraction and QR codes

docs/planning-artifacts/epics.md, after:

---
stepsCompleted:
  - step-01-validate-prerequisites
  - step-02-design-epics
  - step-03-create-stories
  - step-04-final-validation
inputDocuments:
  - docs/prd.md
  - docs/architecture.md
---

# Parcel-Flow - Epic Breakdown

## Overview

This document provides the complete epic and story breakdown for Parcel-Flow, decomposing the requirements from the PRD, UX Design if it exists, and Architecture requirements into implementable stories.

## Requirements Inventory

### Functional Requirements

FR1: Ingestion Intelligente (The "Pull" Strategy)
- FR1.1: Le système doit se connecter à l'API Gmail via OAuth2 (Scope Readonly restreint).
- FR1.2: Le système doit interroger périodiquement (Job planifié) Gmail avec des requêtes ciblées par provider (ex: `from:chronopost subject:disponible`).
- FR1.3: Le système doit marquer les emails comme "traités" (ou lus) pour éviter les doublons.

FR2: Extraction Déterministe (Le Cœur du Système)
- FR2.2 - Stratégie Multi-Provider: Le système utilise des expressions régulières (Regex) spécifiques à chaque transporteur (Chronopost, Mondial Relay, Vinted) pour extraire les données.
- FR2.3 - Gestion d'Erreur: Si le format de l'email ne correspond pas à la Regex attendue, le colis est marqué "A vérifier".

FR3: Consultation Mobile "Zéro Stress"
- FR3.1: Liste triée par Urgence (Date limite la plus proche en premier).
- FR3.2 - Mode Guichet: Au clic, afficher le Code de Retrait en très gros caractères (50% écran) et forcer la luminosité au maximum (via API Native).
- FR3.3 - Deep Link de Secours (Fallback): Bouton "Ouvrir l'email original" qui lance l'application Gmail native sur le message exact.

FR4: Cycle de Vie & Archives
- FR4.1: L'utilisateur peut archiver un colis manuellement ("Swipe-to-archive").
- FR4.2: Une action d'archivage déclenche un Toast "Annuler" (Undo) pendant 3 à 5 secondes.
- FR4.3: Accès à l'historique des colis archivés.

### NonFunctional Requirements

NFR1: Privacy & Sécurité
- NFR1.1 - Éphémérité: Le corps brut de l'email ne doit jamais être persisté en base de données.
- NFR1.2 - Politique de Rétention: Les colis archivés sont supprimés définitivement de la base de données après 30 jours (Job Automatique).
- NFR1.3 - Isolation: Le token d'accès Gmail est stocké de manière sécurisée (Vault ou Env Var chiffrée).

NFR2: Robustesse Technique (Clean Arch)
- NFR2.1: Le Domaine métier doit être pur (aucune dépendance Spring, Gmail ou SQL).
- NFR2.2: Les interactions externes sont isolées dans des "Adapters".

NFR3: Expérience Mobile
- NFR3.1 - Offline Read: L'application doit mettre en cache la dernière liste connue pour consultation sans réseau.
- NFR3.2 - Performance: Lancement de l'application en < 2 secondes (optimisation JS bundle).

### Additional Requirements

From Architecture:
- **Monorepo Structure**: Implement strict folder structure (backend, frontend, infra).
- **Backend Architecture**: Hexagonal Architecture (Ports & Adapters). Domain must be pure Java.
- **Backend Tech**: Java 21, Spring Boot 3.3+, Spring AI.
- **Frontend Tech**: React Native (Expo), React Native Paper, Zustand.
- **Testing**: ATDD with Cucumber (Gherkin), Testcontainers, ArchUnit.
- **Infrastructure**: PostgreSQL, Docker, GitHub Actions (CI/CD).
- **API**: REST Controllers.

From UX (Inferred):
- **UI Framework**: React Native Paper (Material Design 3).
- **Theme**: Strict use of Design Tokens (Colors, Typography) in `theme.ts`.
- **Dark Mode**: Native support.
- **Dashboard**: FlashList for performance, Traffic light color coding for urgency.
- **Guichet Mode**: Max brightness control, large text.

### FR Coverage Map

FR1.1: Epic 1 - Connexion API Gmail OAuth2
FR1.2: Epic 1 - Polling périodique des emails
FR1.3: Epic 1 - Marquage des emails traités
FR2.2: Epic 2 - Extraction par Gemini
FR2.3: Epic 2 - Gestion d'erreur et fallback
FR3.1: Epic 3 - Liste triée par urgence
FR3.2: Epic 4 - Mode Guichet (Luminosité, Gros caractères)
FR3.3: Epic 4 - Deep Link vers Gmail
FR4.1: Epic 4 - Archivage manuel
FR4.2: Epic 4 - Toast "Undo"
FR4.3: Epic 4 - Historique des archives
NFR1.1: Epic 2 - Non-persistance du corps d'email
NFR1.2: Epic 4 - Suppression automatique après 30 jours
NFR1.3: Epic 1 - Sécurité du Token
NFR2.1: Epic 1 - Architecture Hexagonale pure
NFR2.2: Epic 1 - Isolation des Adapters
NFR3.1: Epic 3 - Mode Offline
NFR3.2: Epic 3 - Performance lancement

## Epic List

### Epic 1: La Fondation "Clean Arch" & Connexion Gmail
Mettre en place l'infrastructure technique (Monorepo, CI/CD, Architecture Hexagonale) et permettre au système de se connecter à Gmail de manière sécurisée pour identifier les emails de colis.
**FRs covered:** FR1.1, FR1.2, FR1.3, NFR1.3, NFR2.1, NFR2.2

### Epic 2: Le Cœur d'Extraction (Regex) & Protection de la Vie Privée
Implémenter la logique d'extraction des données par Regex (Stratégie par Provider) en garantissant l'anonymisation stricte des données sensibles avant traitement.
**FRs covered:** FR2.2, FR2.3, NFR1.1

### Epic 3: Le Dashboard Mobile & Consultation "Zéro Stress"
Créer l'interface mobile pour afficher la liste des colis triée par urgence, avec une gestion performante et un accès hors ligne.
**FRs covered:** FR3.1, NFR3.1, NFR3.2

### Epic 4: L'Expérience "Guichet" & Cycle de Vie
Peaufiner l'expérience utilisateur au point de retrait (luminosité max, deep link) et gérer le cycle de vie complet des données (archivage, suppression automatique).
**FRs covered:** FR3.2, FR3.3, FR4.1, FR4.2, FR4.3, NFR1.2

## Epic 1: La Fondation "Clean Arch" & Connexion Gmail

Mettre en place l'infrastructure technique (Monorepo, CI/CD, Architecture Hexagonale) et permettre au système de se connecter à Gmail de manière sécurisée pour identifier les emails de colis.

### Story 1.1: Initialisation Monorepo & Scaffolding Walking Skeleton

As a Lead Developer,
I want to initialize the Monorepo with the strict folder structure and a "Walking Skeleton" of the Backend and Frontend,
So that the team can start working on a solid technical foundation that respects the defined architecture.

**Acceptance Criteria:**

**Given** an empty git repository
**When** I run the setup scripts
**Then** I should see the folders `backend`, `frontend`, and `infra` created.
**And** the backend project uses Spring Boot 3.3+ and Java 21.
**And** the frontend project uses Expo and React Native Paper.
**And** the CI pipeline workflow runs and passes for both.

### Story 1.2.1: Visualisation Liste Simple (MVP)

As a User,
I want to see a list of my active parcels on my phone,
so that I can track what I need to pick up.

**Acceptance Criteria:**

- Backend: GET /api/parcels returns a flat list of parcels.
- Frontend: ParcelListScreen displays parcels in a flat list.
- ATDD: DashboardList.feature passes.

### Story 1.2.2: Regroupement par Point de Retrait

As a User,
I want my parcels grouped by pickup location on my dashboard,
so that I can see where I need to go.

**Acceptance Criteria:**

- Backend: RetrieveDashboardUseCase aggregates parcels by PickupPoint.
- Frontend: LocationGroupCard displays grouped parcels.
- ATDD: DashboardAggregation.feature passes.

### Story 1.2.3: Indicateurs d'Urgence

As a User,
I want to see urgency indicators on my pickup locations,
so that I don't miss a deadline.

**Acceptance Criteria:**

- Backend: Groups are sorted by Urgency (HIGH first).
- Frontend: LocationGroupCard displays colored urgency indicators.
- ATDD: DashboardUrgency.feature passes.

### Story 1.3: Adapter Gmail (Client d'Infrastructure)

As a Developer,
I want a Gmail client that can list and read unread delivery emails,
so that the system can fetch data from the outside world using a standardized Port.

**Acceptance Criteria:**

- MailSourcePort interface exists.
- GmailInboundAdapter implements MailSourcePort.
- Successfully connects to Gmail API via OAuth2.

### Story 1.4: Polling Job & Orchestration

As a System,
I want to periodically trigger the mail checking process,
so that new delivery emails are automatically processed without manual intervention.

**Acceptance Criteria:**

- Spring @Scheduled task runs at configurable interval.
- Job calls MailSourcePort and markAsRead after processing.

## Epic 2: Le Cœur d'Extraction (Regex) & Protection de la Vie Privée

Implémenter la logique d'extraction des données par Regex (Stratégie par Provider) en garantissant l'anonymisation stricte des données sensibles avant traitement.

### Story 2.2: Extraction de Métadonnées (Regex Strategies)

As a User,
I want the system to extract tracking details using specific rules for Chronopost, Mondial Relay, and Vinted,
So that I get reliable data without AI hallucinations.

**Acceptance Criteria:**

**Given** a raw email from a known provider (e.g., Chronopost)
**When** passed to the `RegexParserAdapter`
**Then** the specific strategy for that provider is selected.
**And** the Regex extracts: Pickup Code, Deadline, and Location.
**And** a new Parcel is created with these details.

### Story 2.3: Gestion d'Echec de Parsing (Fallback)

As a User,
I want the system to flag parcels where the email format has changed,
So that I can manually check them instead of having missing info.

**Acceptance Criteria:**

**Given** an email where the Regex does not match (format change)
**When** the parcel is created
**Then** its status is set to "TO_VERIFY".
**And** the parcel record includes a reference/link to the original email.

### Story 2.2.4: Orchestration par Requêtes Ciblées (Targeted Polling)

As a Developer,
I want to configure specific Gmail queries for each provider and map them to their dedicated extractors,
So that the system only fetches relevant emails and applies the strictly correct parsing logic without ambiguity.

**Acceptance Criteria:**

- **Provider Configuration:** Define a structure (Enum or Bean Registry) linking a `Gmail Query` (e.g., `from:vinted...`) to a specific `ParcelExtractionPort` bean.
- **MailSourcePort Update:** The interface must accept a `query` parameter (e.g., `fetchEmails(String query)`).
- **Polling Logic:** The scheduled job iterates through all configured providers, executes their specific query, and passes the results ONLY to the mapped extractor.
- **Efficiency:** Generic/broad email fetching is removed to optimize quotas and relevance.

## Epic 3: Le Dashboard Mobile & Consultation "Zéro Stress"

Créer l'interface mobile pour afficher la liste des colis triée par urgence, avec une gestion performante et un accès hors ligne.

### Story 3.1: Dashboard Mobile avec Liste Triée

As a User,
I want to see my active parcels in a list sorted by urgency (soonest expiration date first),
So that I know exactly which parcel to pick up first.

**Acceptance Criteria:**

**Given** a list of active parcels
**When** viewing the Dashboard
**Then** parcels are sorted by expiration date (descending).
**And** visual indicators (Traffic light colors) show the level of urgency.
**And** the list scrolling is performant (using FlashList).

### Story 3.2: Cache Local & Mode Offline

As a User,
I want to access my parcel list even when I have no internet connection,
So that I am never blocked at the counter.

**Acceptance Criteria:**

**Given** a previously loaded parcel list
**When** the device is offline
**Then** the application displays the cached list.
**And** an "Offline Mode" indicator is visible to the user.

## Epic 4: L'Expérience "Guichet" & Cycle de Vie

Peaufiner l'expérience utilisateur au point de retrait (luminosité max, deep link) et gérer le cycle de vie complet des données (archivage, suppression automatique).

### Story 4.1.0: Mode Guichet Web (Codes & QR Codes)

As a User (Web App),
I want to see my withdrawal codes and QR codes for Chronopost, Vinted Go, and Mondial Relay in a dedicated "Counter Mode" view,
so that I can easily retrieve my parcels tonight even without the mobile app's native features.

**Acceptance Criteria:**
- Extraction of PIN codes for Chronopost, Vinted Go, and Mondial Relay.
- Extraction of QR Code image URLs from emails.
- Large character display and image rendering in the web app.

### Story 4.1: Mode Guichet (Luminosité & Zoom Code) - Mobile Native

As a User,
I want to tap a parcel and see its tracking code in giant characters with maximum screen brightness,
So that the shopkeeper can easily scan or read it.

**Acceptance Criteria:**

**Given** a selected parcel
**When** entering "Counter Mode"
**Then** the tracking code is displayed in large font (approx 50% screen).
**And** the device screen brightness is set to 100%.
**And** brightness returns to previous level when closing the mode.

### Story 4.2: Archivage avec Option Annuler (Undo)

As a User,
I want to swipe a parcel to archive it and have a few seconds to undo my action,
So that I don't lose data by mistake.

**Acceptance Criteria:**

**Given** an active parcel
**When** I perform a "Swipe-to-archive" gesture
**Then** the parcel is removed from the active list.
**And** a Toast appears for 5 seconds with an "Undo" button.
**And** clicking "Undo" restores the parcel to the active list.
**And** I can navigate to a separate view to see the list of archived parcels.

### Story 4.3: Deep Link vers Gmail Original

As a User,
I want a button to open the original email in my Gmail app,
So that I can check details that were not extracted.

**Acceptance Criteria:**

**Given** a parcel detail view
**When** I click "Open original email"
**Then** the native Gmail application opens directly to the specific email thread.

### Story 4.4: Suppression Automatique & Purge des Données

As a System,
I want to permanently delete archived parcels after 30 days,
So that I respect data retention policies.

**Acceptance Criteria:**

**Given** parcels archived for more than 30 days
**When** the daily purge job runs
**Then** these parcels are permanently deleted from the database.
